index.md, before:

## Welcome to Dialogica: Thinking-Through Voyant!
*Dialogica: Thinking-Through Voyant* (DTTV) is a textbook for learning computer-assisted text analysis with [Voyant](https://voyant-tools.org) and [Spyral](https://voyant-tools.org/spyral/). It complements our book [Hermeneutica: Computer-Assisted Interpretation in the Humanities](http://hermeneuti.ca) (MIT Press, 2016). 

*Dialogica* was developed by Geoffrey Rockwell and Stéfan Sinclair in early 2020 to help those pivoting to online learning. We continue to add to it in [memory of Stéfan](https://csdh-schn.org/stefan-sinclair-in-memoriam-2/) who passed away in August, 2020. 

---

Do you need online teaching ideas and materials? Dialogica was supposed to be a text book, but instead we are adapting it for use in online learning and self-study. It is shared here under a CC BY 4.0 license so you can adapt as needed.

---

Do you have a tutorial for Voyant you would like to adapt to *Dialogica*? Would you like to contribute? Send links and thoughts to Geoffrey Rockwell (grockwel at ualberta dot ca).

----

## Contents

0. [Introduction](/intro.md): What is Dialogica? What is our pedagogical philosophy and our model for using these?

    [Play an introductory video welcoming you to Voyant](https://youtu.be/nwzQ2sxhPKo)

1. [E-Texts and Analysis](/etexts.md): Introducing Voyant and text analysis.

    Download: [Walkthrough 1: What is an electronic text and how can we study it?](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

2. [Studying a Text](/study.md): How to prepare a text and explore it.

    Download: [Walkthrough 2: Studying a Text](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

3. [Sharing Results: Exporting and Embedding](/share.md): How to share interactive Voyant panels in an online paper.

    Download: [Walkthrough 3: Sharing Results: Exporting and Embedding](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

4. [Managing Corpora with Spreadsheets or XML](sheetAndXML.md): How to use either spreadsheets or XML to manage a collection of documents.

    Download: [Walkthrough 4: Managing Corpora with Spreadhseets and XML](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

5. Exploring a Corpus with Text Mining Tools: How to use text mining tools to develop conjectures about a collection.

    Download: [Walkthrough 5: Exploring A Text](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

6. Salient Words: How to use the Visualizations, Corpus Terms and Document Terms tools to see what words stand out.

    Download: [Walkthrough 7: Salient Words](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

2. [The Voyant Help Files](/voyanthelp.md) is a collection of short help files that show things you can do with Voyant.

4. [Other courses and useful links](/other.md)

1. Other chapters planned:

    Following a theme through a text, The arc of a project, Clustering and comparing texts, The next step: introduction to Spryal
    

----

[Dialogica Home](/index.md) | [Next: Introduction](/intro.md)

----
&copy; Stéfan Sinclair & Geoffrey Rockwell

All materials on this site shared under a [Creative Commons By Attribution license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Commit message:

Update index.md to include walkthrough 6

index.md, after:

## Welcome to Dialogica: Thinking-Through Voyant!
*Dialogica: Thinking-Through Voyant* (DTTV) is a textbook for learning computer-assisted text analysis with [Voyant](https://voyant-tools.org) and [Spyral](https://voyant-tools.org/spyral/). It complements our book [Hermeneutica: Computer-Assisted Interpretation in the Humanities](http://hermeneuti.ca) (MIT Press, 2016). 

*Dialogica* was developed by Geoffrey Rockwell and Stéfan Sinclair in early 2020 to help those pivoting to online learning. We continue to add to it in [memory of Stéfan](https://csdh-schn.org/stefan-sinclair-in-memoriam-2/) who passed away in August, 2020. 

---

Do you need online teaching ideas and materials? Dialogica was supposed to be a text book, but instead we are adapting it for use in online learning and self-study. It is shared here under a CC BY 4.0 license so you can adapt as needed.

---

Do you have a tutorial for Voyant you would like to adapt to *Dialogica*? Would you like to contribute? Send links and thoughts to Geoffrey Rockwell (grockwel at ualberta dot ca).

----

## Contents

0. [Introduction](/intro.md): What is Dialogica? What is our pedagogical philosophy and our model for using these?

    [Play an introductory video welcoming you to Voyant](https://youtu.be/nwzQ2sxhPKo)

1. [E-Texts and Analysis](/etexts.md): Introducing Voyant and text analysis.

    Download: [Walkthrough 1: What is an electronic text and how can we study it?](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

2. [Studying a Text](/study.md): How to prepare a text and explore it.

    Download: [Walkthrough 2: Studying a Text](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

3. [Sharing Results: Exporting and Embedding](/share.md): How to share interactive Voyant panels in an online paper.

    Download: [Walkthrough 3: Sharing Results: Exporting and Embedding](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

4. [Managing Corpora with Spreadsheets or XML](sheetAndXML.md): How to use either spreadsheets or XML to manage a collection of documents.

    Download: [Walkthrough 4: Managing Corpora with Spreadhseets and XML](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

5. Exploring a Corpus with Text Mining Tools: How to use text mining tools to develop conjectures about a collection.

    Download: [Walkthrough 5: Exploring A Text](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

6. Following a Theme Through a Text: Using different tools to research a theme in a text or corpus. This Walkthrough follows Walkthrough 5: Exploring a Text where you learned how to identify possible themes.

    Download: [Walkthrough 6: Following a Theme](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

7. Salient Words: How to use the Visualizations, Corpus Terms and Document Terms tools to see what words stand out.

    Download: [Walkthrough 7: Salient Words](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1a2VRBO_vULjZ7t5t2DA8wMN0hQNC18zw?usp=sharing)

8. [The Voyant Help Files](/voyanthelp.md) is a collection of short help files that show things you can do with Voyant.

9. [Other courses and useful links](/other.md)

1. Other chapters planned:

    The arc of a project, Visualization, Clustering and comparing texts, The next step: introduction to Spryal
    

----

[Dialogica Home](/index.md) | [Next: Introduction](/intro.md)

----
&copy; Stéfan Sinclair & Geoffrey Rockwell

All materials on this site shared under a [Creative Commons By Attribution license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
